packages/template-tab-navigation-ng/README.md, before:

# NativeScript with Angular Tab Navigation Template
App templates help you jump start your native cross-platform apps with built-in UI elements and best practices. Save time writing boilerplate code over and over again when you create new apps.

App template featuring a TabView component for navigation.

<img src="/tools/assets/phone-tab-ios.png" height="400" /> <img src="/tools/assets/phone-tab-android.png" height="400" />

## Key Features
- Tab navigation
- Five blank pages hooked to the tab navigation
- Customizable theme
- UX and development best practices
- Easy to understand code

## Quick Start
Execute the following command to create an app from this template:

```
tns create my-tab-ng --template tns-template-tab-navigation-ng
```

> Note: This command will create a new NativeScript app that uses the latest version of this template published to [npm] (https://www.npmjs.com/package/tns-template-tab-navigation-ng).

If you want to create a new app that uses the source of the template from the `master` branch, you can execute the following:

```
tns create my-tab-ng --template https://github.com/NativeScript/template-tab-navigation-ng
```

**NB:** Please, have in mind that the master branch may refer to dependencies that are not on NPM yet!

## Walkthrough

### Architecture
There is one main component that holds the tabs page:
- `/tabs/tabs.component.ts` - sets up the tab navigation page layout and references the navigatable views contents via custom components.

There are three blank custom components used for the tab views located in these folders:
- `/tabs/browse`
- `/tabs/home`
- `/tabs/search`

### Styling
This template is set up to use SASS for styling. All classes used are based on the {N} core theme – consult the [documentation](https://docs.nativescript.org/angular/ui/theme.html#theme) to understand how to customize it. Check it out to see what classes you can use on which component.

It has 4 global style files that are located at the root of the app folder:
- `_app-variables.scss` - holds the global SASS variables that are imported on each component's styles.
- `app.scss` - the global common style sheet. These style rules are applied to both Android and iOS.
- `platform.android.scss` - the global Android style sheet. These style rules are applied to Android only.
- `platform.ios.scss` - the global iOS style sheet. These style rules are applied to iOS only.

Each component has 3 style files located in the its folder:
- `_component-name.component.scss` - the component common style sheet. These style rules are applied to both Android and iOS.
- `component-name.component.android.scss` - the component Android style sheet. These style rules are applied to Android only.
- `component-name.component.ios.scss` - the component iOS style sheet. These style rules are applied to iOS only.

## Get Help
The NativeScript framework has a vibrant community that can help when you run into problems.

Try [joining the NativeScript community Slack](http://developer.telerik.com/wp-login.php?action=slack-invitation). The Slack channel is a great place to get help troubleshooting problems, as well as connect with other NativeScript developers.

If you have found an issue with this template, please report the problem in the   [Issues](https://github.com/NativeScript/template-tab-navigation-ng/issues).

## Contributing

We love PRs, and accept them gladly. Feel free to propose changes and new ideas. We will review and discuss, so that they can be accepted and better integrated.

Commit message:

feat: set TabView as root (#74)
* feat: set TabView as root

Update to:
- angular@6
- rxjs@6
- nativescript-angular@next
- nativescript-dev-webpack@next

* fix: tslint errors

* refactor: remove onSelectedIndexChanged

* feat: add Android icons

* refactor: extract core module

* refactor(item-detail): use route snapshot instead of rxjs subscription

packages/template-tab-navigation-ng/README.md, after:

# NativeScript with Angular Tab Navigation Template
App templates help you jump start your native cross-platform apps with built-in UI elements and best practices. Save time writing boilerplate code over and over again when you create new apps.

App template featuring a TabView component for navigation.

<img src="/tools/assets/phone-tab-ios.png" height="400" /> <img src="/tools/assets/phone-tab-android.png" height="400" />

## Key Features
- Tab navigation
- Five blank pages hooked to the tab navigation
- Customizable theme
- UX and development best practices
- Easy to understand code

## Quick Start
Execute the following command to create an app from this template:

```
tns create my-tab-ng --template tns-template-tab-navigation-ng
```

> Note: This command will create a new NativeScript app that uses the latest version of this template published to [npm] (https://www.npmjs.com/package/tns-template-tab-navigation-ng).

If you want to create a new app that uses the source of the template from the `master` branch, you can execute the following:

```
tns create my-tab-ng --template https://github.com/NativeScript/template-tab-navigation-ng
```

**NB:** Please, have in mind that the master branch may refer to dependencies that are not on NPM yet!

## Walkthrough

### Architecture
The TabView component is set up as an application starting point in:
- `app.component.ts` - sets up the tab view and defines page router otlets for its items.

There are four components used for the tab views located in these folders:

- `/browse`
- `/home`
- `/item-detail`
- `/search`

### Styling
This template is set up to use SASS for styling. All classes used are based on the {N} core theme – consult the [documentation](https://docs.nativescript.org/angular/ui/theme.html#theme) to understand how to customize it. Check it out to see what classes you can use on which component.

It has 4 global style files that are located at the root of the app folder:
- `_app-common.scss` - holds the CSS rules you want to apply on both iOS and Android here.
- `_app-variables.scss` - holds the global SASS variables that are imported on each component's styles.
- `app.android.scss` - the global Android style sheet. These style rules are applied to Android only.
- `app.ios.scss` - the global iOS style sheet. These style rules are applied to iOS only.

A component could have 3 style files located in the its folder:
- `_component-name.component.scss` - the component common style sheet. These style rules are applied to both Android and iOS.
- `component-name.component.android.scss` - the component Android style sheet. These style rules are applied to Android only.
- `component-name.component.ios.scss` - the component iOS style sheet. These style rules are applied to iOS only.

## Get Help
The NativeScript framework has a vibrant community that can help when you run into problems.

Try [joining the NativeScript community Slack](http://developer.telerik.com/wp-login.php?action=slack-invitation). The Slack channel is a great place to get help troubleshooting problems, as well as connect with other NativeScript developers.

If you have found an issue with this template, please report the problem in the   [Issues](https://github.com/NativeScript/template-tab-navigation-ng/issues).

## Contributing

We love PRs, and accept them gladly. Feel free to propose changes and new ideas. We will review and discuss, so that they can be accepted and better integrated.
